# TODO

# Running / Waiting for results

These are tasks that we are currently waiting on something, e.g. a method is currently being trained / evaluated and we are just waiting for the results, or we are waiting for someone else to get back to us on something.

[Working Plan](TODO%20e440a7f8b524419fbe49bab1b57e2b3d/Working%20Plan%2030b14584fb934426b91f7754d9373b78.csv)

# To Do Next

These are the tasks that are top priority to do next.

- [ ]  Do safety courses for Lab access (needed for working with the robots)
    - [ ]  https://canvas.kth.se/courses/47448
- [x]  Simulator Setup
- [x]  Experiment 0

## **Period: 04-29 march**

- [ ]  **PushT**

Diffusion Policy

- demo vs success rate
- hyper parameter vs success rate

- [ ]  **3D diffusion policy**
    - insert t-short folding in DEDO
    - investigate DaXBench
    - [ ]  **data collection:**
        
        **→tutti i nodi della mesh, random initial state, trajectoiry**
        
        →filtrare
        
    

# To Do After

These are the lower priority items that you might do after the above items are complete.

- [ ]  Flow Matching *understand, would it be worth?*

# Questions to think more about

These are the big picture questions that we will need to answer in our research. You should spend most of your time reading papers related to these questions and thinking about ideas for them.

- 

# Alternative approaches

Describe here the completely different alternative approaches that we might try if our current approach doesn’t work. Try to be creative - there is always more than one way to achieve a task! These should be big changes to our method, not small tweaks (see below).

- Pre-trained models

# Small tweaks

These are hyperparameters / minor architectural changes that you could tune or small tweaks to your method that might give small boosts to performance but will likely not make a 10x difference. Do not spend a lot of time on these! If something is not working, it is usually better to look at the “alternative approaches” section above for ideas that are more likely to give a bigger change in performance.

- 

# Probably not doing

These are todo items that we once considered doing, but we probably will not do them given what we know now. You could delete these items, but sometimes it might be better to put them here in case we want to revisit them later.

- 

# Done

When something has been completed, move it down to this section!

-